About the job
We areAt Synechron, we believe in the power of digital to transform businesses for the better. Our global consulting firm combines creativity and innovative technology to deliver industry-leading digital solutions. Synechron’s progressive technologies and optimization strategies span end-to-end Artificial Intelligence, Consulting, Digital, Cloud & DevOps, Data, and Software Engineering, servicing an array of noteworthy financial services and technology firms. Through research and development initiatives in our FinLabs we develop solutions for modernization, from Artificial Intelligence and Blockchain to Data Science models, Digital Underwriting, mobile-first applications and more. Over the last 20+ years, our company has been honored with multiple employer awards, recognizing our commitment to our talented teams. With top clients to boast about, Synechron has a global workforce of 17,000+, and has 58 offices in 22 countries within key global markets.
Our challengeWe’re looking for a Mid-Level Gen AI Engineer to build and scale intelligent, production-ready AI solutions. You’ll work with LLMs, RAG, prompt engineering, and AI agents to solve real-world business challenges. The role involves experimentation, model evaluation, optimization, and seamless integration with existing systems. Join us in shaping innovative products powered by the next generation of artificial intelligence.
Additional Information*The base salary for this position will vary based on geography and other factors. In accordance with law, the base salary for this role if filled within Montreal is CAD $80k – CAD $90k/year & benefits (see below).
The RoleResponsibilities:Design, develop, and deploy GenAI applications using LLMs, RAG, prompt engineering, and AI agents. Build and optimize data pipelines, vector databases, embeddings, and retrieval systems. Integrate AI models with APIs, enterprise applications, and cloud platforms. Evaluate model performance, accuracy, latency, cost, and reliability. Implement monitoring, testing, security, and responsible AI practices. Collaborate with product, engineering, and business teams to deliver scalable solutions.
Requirements:2–5 years of experience in software engineering, machine learning, or AI development. Strong proficiency in Python and experience with AI/ML frameworks and APIs. Hands-on experience with LLMs, RAG pipelines, prompt engineering, and embeddings. Familiarity with vector databases such as Pinecone, FAISS, Weaviate, or Chroma. Experience with cloud platforms, REST APIs, Git, Docker, and CI/CD practices. Strong problem-solving, communication, and analytical skills with a passion for GenAI.
We offer:
A multinational organization with 58 offices in 22 countries and the possibility to work abroad.
15 days (3 weeks) of paid annual leave plus an additional 10 days of personal leave (floating days and sick days).
A comprehensive insurance plan including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and long-term disability.
Flexible hybrid policy.
RRSP with employer’s contribution up to 4%.
A higher education certification policy.
On-demand Udemy for Business for all Synechron employees with free access to more than 5000 curated courses.
Coaching opportunities with experienced colleagues from our Financial Innovation Labs (FinLabs) and Center of Excellences (CoE) groups.
Cutting edge projects at the world’s leading tier-one banks, financial institutions and insurance firms.
A truly diverse, fun-loving and global work culture.

SYNECHRON’S DIVERSITY & INCLUSION STATEMENT
Diversity & Inclusion are fundamental to our culture, and Synechron is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) initiative ‘Same Difference’ is committed to fostering an inclusive culture – promoting equality, diversity and an environment that is respectful to all. We strongly believe that a diverse workforce helps build stronger, successful businesses as a global company. We encourage applicants from across diverse backgrounds, race, ethnicities, religion, age, marital status, gender, sexual orientations, or disabilities to apply. We empower our global workforce by offering flexible workplace arrangements, mentoring, internal mobility, learning and development programs, and more.
All employment decisions at Synechron are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to the applicant’s gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.… more

Requirements added by the job poster

• 5+ years of work experience with Python (Programming Language)

• 5+ years of work experience with Artificial Intelligence (AI)